Restructure query, process, and visualize docs (#5027)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud-serverless/query-data/influxql/execute-queries/visualization-tools.md

---

> title: Use visualization tools query data with InfluxQLQL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Use visualization tools to query data with InfluxQL
```
